_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: ML Researcher at Palantir

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  
news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I'm a Machine Learning Researcher at [Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/) working on improving agentic and retrieval-augmented workflows with Large Language Models (LLMs). My research interests are in the intersection of Natural Language Understanding and Reinforcement learning. Recently, I have been interested in structured data prediction, efficient world modeling, and grounding LLMs in real-world environments. 

Previously, I was an Applied scientist intern at [Amazon Alexa AI - NLU](https://www.amazon.science/tag/alexa) and an Analyst at [Goldman Sachs](https://www.goldmansachs.com/). I was supervised by [Prof. Andrew McCallum](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~mccallum/) during my grad school at [UMass NLP](https://nlp.cs.umass.edu/). I also did my Bachelor's in Computer Science at [Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad](https://iith.ac.in/), where I worked on Bayesian Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing with [Prof. Srijith P.K.](https://sites.google.com/site/pksrijith/home).

Commit message:

Update CV and add service

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: ML Researcher at Palantir

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
service: true
---

I'm a Machine Learning Researcher at [Palantir](https://www.palantir.com/) working on improving agentic and retrieval-augmented workflows with Large Language Models (LLMs). My research interests are in the intersection of Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning. Recently, I have been interested in evaluation frameworks, structured prediction, and efficiency in LLMs.    

Previously, I was an Applied scientist intern at [Amazon Alexa AI - NLU](https://www.amazon.science/tag/alexa) and an Analyst at [Goldman Sachs](https://www.goldmansachs.com/). I was supervised by [Prof. Andrew McCallum](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~mccallum/) during my grad school at [UMass NLP](https://nlp.cs.umass.edu/). I also did my Bachelor's in Computer Science at [Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad](https://iith.ac.in/), where I worked on Bayesian Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing with [Prof. Srijith P.K.](https://sites.google.com/site/pksrijith/home).
